=head1 NAME

Net::AFP::ACL - ACL related flags and values

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Flags for managing Access Control Lists.

=head2 ACL Access Rights

Access rights bit definitions. These flags are for use in individual
Access Control Entries, to define the access rights individual entries
confer or withdraw.

=over

=item KAUTH_VNODE_READ_DATA

For a file, the right to read a file's data; for a directory, the right
to list the contents of a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_LIST_DIRECTORY

For a directory, the same as C<KAUTH_VNODE_READ_DATA>, which is the
right to list the contents of a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_WRITE_DATA

For a file, the right to write to a file; for a directory, the right to
create a file in a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_ADD_FILE

For a directory, the same as KAUTH_VNODE_WRITE_DATA; the right to create
a file in a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_EXECUTE

Right to execute a program.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_SEARCH

For a directory, same as C<KAUTH_VNODE_EXECUTE> - the right to search
the contents of a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_DELETE

Right to delete a file.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_APPEND_DATA

For a file, the right to append data to a file; for a directory, the
right to create a subdirectory in a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_ADD_SUBDIRECTORY

For a directory, the same as C<KAUTH_VNODE_APPEND_DATA>, which is the
right to create a subdirectory in a directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_DELETE_CHILD

Right to delete a directory and all the files it contains.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_READ_ATTRIBUTES

Right to read a file's hidden attributes, such as hidden, read-only,
system, and archive.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_WRITE_ATTRIBUTES

Right to write a file's attributes, such as hidden, read-only, system,
and archive.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_READ_EXTATTRIBUTES

Right to read a file or directory's extended attributes.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_WRITE_EXTATTRIBUTES

Right to write extended attributes.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_READ_SECURITY

Right to get a file or directory's access rights.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_WRITE_SECURITY

Right to set a file or directory's access rights.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_TAKE_OWNERSHIP

Right to change the owner of a file or directory.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_SYNCHRONIZE

Right to block until the file or directory is put in the signaled
state; provided for Windows interoperability.

=item KAUTH_VNODE_LINKTARGET

=item KAUTH_VNODE_CHECKIMMUTABLE

=item KAUTH_VNODE_ACCESS

=item KAUTH_VNODE_NOIMMUTABLE

=item KAUTH_VNODE_SEARCHBYANYONE

=back

=head2 Access Control List Bitmap

Bitmap for getting and setting access control lists (ACLs). These values
are to be passed in the C<Bitmap> parameter of L<Net::AFP/FPGetACL> and
L<Net::AFP/FPSetACL> calls.

=over

=item C<kFileSec_UUID>

Set this bit to get or set a UUID.

=item C<kFileSec_GRPUUID>

Set this bit to get or set a Group UUID.

=item C<kFileSec_ACL>

Set this bit to get or set an ACL.

=item C<kFileSec_REMOVEACL>

Set this bit to remove an ACL. This bit is not valid when used with the
L<Net::AFP/FPGetACL> command.

=item C<kFileSec_Inherit>

Set this bit to inherit all ACEs from the parent directory. This constant
is used only with the L<Net::AFP/FPSetACL> command.

=back

=head1 REFERENCES

Some documentation of OS X's ACL internals was taken from:

L<http://fxr.watson.org/fxr/source/bsd/sys/kauth.h?v=xnu-1456.1.26>

=cut
