=head1 NAME

Net::AFP::Result - Perl module containing AFP error symbol information

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This package contains symbol defintions for all known AFP error condition
codes, as well as a helper function to transform an error code into its
plain English equivalent.

=head1 ERROR SYMBOLS

=over

=item kFPNoErr

No error occurred (success).

=item kASPBadVersNum

=item kASPBufTooSmall

=item kFPNoMoreSessions

Server cannot handle additional sessions.

This error usually indicates that the server limits the maximum number of
concurrent clients, and that this maximum number would be exceeded by
honoring this login request.

=item kASPNoServers

=item kASPParamErr

=item kASPServerBusy

=item kASPSessClosed

ASP session closed.

=item kASPSizeErr

=item kASPTooManyClients

=item kASPNoAck

=item kFPAccessDenied

User does not have the access privileges required to use the command.

=item kFPAuthContinue

Authentication is not yet complete.

=item kFPBadUAM

Specified UAM is unknown.

=item kFPBadVersNum

Server does not support the specified AFP version.

=item kFPBitmapErr

Attempt was made to get or set a parameter that cannot be obtained or set
with this command, or a required bitmap is null.

=item kFPCantMove

Attempt was made to move a directory into one of its descendent directories.

=item kFPDenyConflict

Specified fork cannot be opened because of a deny modes conflict.

=item kFPDirNotEmpty

Directory is not empty.

=item kFPDiskFull

No more space exists on the volume.

=item kFPEOFErr

No more matches or end of fork reached.

=item kFPFileBusy

When attempting a hard create, the file already exists and is open.

=item kFPFlatVol

Volume is flat and does not support directories.

=item kFPItemNotFound

Specified APPL mapping, comment, or icon was not found in the Desktop
database; specified ID is unknown.

=item kFPLockErr

Some or all of the requested range is locked by another user; a lock range
conflict exists.

=item kFPMiscErr

Non-AFP error occurred.

=item kFPNoMoreLocks

Server's maximum lock count has been reached.

=item kFPNoServer

Server is not responding.

=item kFPObjectExists

File or directory already exists.

=item kFPObjectNotFound

Input parameters do not point to an existing directory, file, or volume.

=item kFPParamErr

Session reference number, Desktop database reference number, open fork
reference number, Volume ID, Directory ID, File ID, Group ID, or
subfunction is unknown; byte range starts before byte zero; pathname is
invalid; pathname type is unknown; user name is null, exceeds the UAM's
user name length limit, or does not exist, MaxReplySize is too small to
hold a single offspring structure, ThisUser bit is not set, authentication
failed for an undisclosed reason, specified user is unknown or the
account has been disabled due to too many login attempts; ReqCount or
Offset is negative; NewLineMask is invalid.

=item kFPRangeNotLocked

Attempt to unlock a range that is locked by another user or that is not
locked at all.

=item kFPRangeOverlap

User tried to lock some or all of a range that the user has already
locked.

=item kFPSessClosed

Session is closed.

=item kFPUserNotAuth

UAM failed (the specified old password doesn't match); no user is logged
in yet for the specified session; authentication failed; password is
incorrect.

=item kFPCallNotSupported

Server does not support this command.

=item kFPObjectTypeErr

Input parameters point to the wrong type of object.

=item kFPTooManyFilesOpen

Server cannot open another fork.

=item kFPServerGoingDown

Server is shutting down.

=item kFPCantRename

Attempt was made to rename a volume or root directory.

=item kFPDirNotFound

Input parameters do not point to an existing directory.

=item kFPIconTypeError

New icon's size is different from the size of the existing icon.

=item kFPVolLocked

Volume is Read Only.

=item kFPObjectLocked

File or directory is marked DeleteInhibit; directory being moved, renamed,
or moved and renamed is marked RenameInhibit; file being moved and renamed
is marked RenameInhibit; attempt was made to open a file for writing that
is marked WriteInhibit; attempt was made to rename a file or directory that
is marked RenameInhibit.

=item kFPContainsSharedErr

Directory contains a share point.

=item kFPIDNotFound

File ID was not found. (No file thread exists.)

=item kFPIDExists

File already has a File ID.

=item kFPDiffVolErr

Wrong volume.

=item kFPCatalogChanged

Catalog has changed.

=item kFPSameObjectErr

Two objects that should be different are the same object.

=item kFPBadIDErr

File ID is not valid.

=item kFPPwdSameErr

User attempted to change his or her password to the same password that
is currently set.

=item kFPPwdTooShortErr

User password is shorter than the server's minimum password length, or
user attempted to change password to a password that is shorter than
the server's minimum password length.

=item kFPPwdExpiredErr

User's password has expired.

=item kFPInsideSharedErr

Directory being moved contains a share point and is being moved into a
directory that is shared or is the descendent of a directory that is
shared.

=item kFPInsideTrashErr

Shared directory is being moved into the Trash; a directory is being
moved to the trash and it contains a shared folder.

=item kFPPwdNeedsChangeErr

User's password needs to be changed.

=item kFPPwdPolicyErr

New password does not conform to the server's password policy.

=item kFPDiskQuotaExceeded

Disk quota exceeded.

=back

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=over

=item afp_strerror (ERRNO)

Return a string containing the description of the error code ERRNO.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Derrik Pates <demon@now.ai>

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<Net::AFP>

=cut
