=head1 NAME

Net::AFP::Versions - AFP version agreement and comparison utility functions

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package contains several convenience functions for establishing
version agreement with an AFP server, as well as comparing versions
by either major and minor number, or the symbolic version string, for
e.g., enabling features based on the version of the AFP protocol in use.

=head1 COMPARISON CONSTANTS

For some of the provided functions, the type of version comparison desired
can be indicated with the following constants.

=over

=item kFPVerNewerThan

The protocol version in use for the active connection must be newer than
the one passed.

=item kFPVerAtLeast

The protocol version in use for the active connection must be equivalent
to, or newer than, the one passed.

=item kFPVerEqual

The protocol version in use for the active connection must be exactly
the one passed.

=item kFPVerNoNewerThan

The protocol version in use for the active connection must be older than
or equivalent to, the one passed.

=item kFPVerOlderThan

The protocol version in use for the active connection must be older than
the one passed.

=back

=head1 VERSION STRINGS

AFP supports various versions, which are used internally by AFP to
establish agreement on the AFP version-specific behavior the two ends
expect. See the source of this module for a full list of the known
versions as of the released version of this code. Version agreement is
generally established using the L</GetPreferredVersion()> call in this
module.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=over

=item CompareByString()

Compare the AFP version being used in an open AFP session to a given
version string, and determine their relationship.

=over

=item $session

The AFP connection object for the server connection to check.

=item $verstring

The version string for the AFP version to compare against.

=item $cmptype

The comparison type to be used. See L</"COMPARISON CONSTANTS"> for the
values to be passed.

=back

The return value will be true or false, depending on if the connected
server's established protocol version meets the requirements provided.

=item CompareByVersionNum()

Compare the AFP version being used in an open AFP session to a given
major and minor version number pair, and determine their relationship.

=over

=item $session

The AFP connection object for the server connection to check.

=item $major

The AFP major version number.

=item $minor

The AFP minor version number.

=item $cmptype

The comparison type to be used. See L</"COMPARISON CONSTANTS"> for the
values to be passed.

=back

The return value will be true or false, depending on if the connected
server's established protocol version meets the requirements provided.

=item GetPreferredVersion()

Given a list of version strings, pick the highest supported one, and return
it to the caller.

=over

=item $ver_list

An array reference, as appears in the structure returned from the
L<Net::AFP/FPGetSrvrInfo()> call (the same structure is returned from
the L<Net::DSI/DSIGetStatus> and L<Net::Atalk::ASP/SPGetStatus> calls).
It contains the list of AFP version strings the server knows how to
use.

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Derrik Pates <demon@now.ai>

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<Net::AFP>

=cut
