=head1 NAME

Fuse::AFP - An AFP filesystem implementation in Perl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This package is a FUSE filesystem implementation. It derives from the
Fuse::Class package, implementing the major FUSE operations as methods.

The following is a trivial use case:

    use Fuse::AFP;

    my $fuse = new Fuse::AFP($afp_url, $pw_cb);
    $fuse->main('mountpoint' => $mountpoint, 'mountopts' => '...');

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package makes use of Net::AFP::TCP (and optionally, Net::AFP::Atalk)
to connect to an AFP server, and implement all the major filesystem operations
required of a FUSE filesystem.

It derives from Fuse::Class, as mentioned. This is a thin object-oriented
wrapper over the Fuse package, a set of Perl bindings for libfuse.

This module (and the modules which it depends on) implement a fairly
complete, working implementation of Apple Filing Protocol. It compares
favorably with Apple's implementation in MacOS X. It implements several
advanced features:

   * Access control lists
   * Extended attributes
   * Large files
   * Encrypted login (via Diffie-Hellman exchange)
   * UNIX ownership/permissions
   * UTF-8 filenames
   * IPv6 support, with IO::Socket::IP

It also remains compatible with classic Mac OS; I've mounted filesystems
from Mac System 7, but it should work with versions even older than that, at
least in principle.

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

The main method is not overridden in this class. Most other methods are for
internal use only, or for invocation by Fuse::Class.

=over

=item new( URL, PW_CB, OPTIONS )

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

This package derives from, and thus depends on, the Fuse::Class package.
By proxy, it also depends on the Fuse package, specifically version
0.10_1 or later, as it includes certain necessary fixes. The Net::AFP::TCP
and Net::AFP::Atalk packages are included in this code release.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

None currently known.

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

None currently known.

=head1 AUTHOR

Derrik Pates <demon@now.ai>

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<Fuse::Class>, C<Fuse>, C<Net::AFP>

=cut

